Update buildable.adoc (#165)
satisfactorymodding/Documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/Development/BeginnersGuide/SimpleMod/buildable.adoc

== Define the Recipe

> In order to define the recipe, simply create an item using `FGRecipe`. Set the Ingredients to define the build cost, and set ProducedIn to `FGBuildGun`. Set the Product to match the Desc class you just created for your buildable. (Reference xref:Development/BeginnersGuide/recipe.html#_create_a_recipe[Create a Recipe] for more details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define how our building is constructed we will use an `FGRecipe`, just like we did for our xref:Development/BeginnersGuide/recipe.html#_create_a_recipe[custom item]. Create a new FGRecipe asset and set ProducedIn to `FGBuildGun`, then add Ingredients entries to define the cost of constructing the building. The Product field should contain exactly one entry - the FGBuildingDescriptor asset you just created for your buildable.
```

Author: I like it, I pulled it in.
